Under the direction of the governing body and the United States Branch Committee, the legal department works to protect our legal rights to worship.
When restrictions are placed on our activities, we work to defend and legally establish the good news.
Let's examine a case that was taken all the way to the United States Supreme Court.
The town of Stratton, Ohio passed an ordinance requiring anyone wanting to engage in door-to-door activity to obtain a permit from the mayor.
The ordinances that were enacted were specifically designed to restrict the activity of job as witnesses.
The witnesses tried to work the matter out with the municipality, with the village, but the village was insistent our brothers and sisters obtained permits prior to going from door-to-door.
This permit scheme was upheld in the lower courts in Ohio.
Thus, the case was appealed to the United States Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court ruled in our favor and held that such ordinances are unconstitutional as applied to the public ministry of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Even now, we still have some municipalities that would like to enforce their permit regulation against our brothers and sisters.
We turn their attention to the Stratton decision and the issue is resolved.
Since 1919, Jehovah's Witnesses have obtained 50 victories before the United States Supreme Court.
Just as extraordinary, we have prevailed in the European Court of Human Rights over 50 times.
Jehovah's Witnesses do not seek confrontation. They prefer to quietly serve God.
But when events unfold that force them to stand up and say, I won't do this, or I have to do that, because my faith compels me to do so.
It is remarkable to see the steel-like determination of these individuals who have looked in the eyes of judges, magistrates, police officers, and have simply said, I have to obey God.